# Docker-CentOS7-ViewVC
Dockerfile setup for CentOS 7 based ViewVC/Apache server. One will be able to expose a ViewVC website for CVS and SVN repositories using the CentOS 7 Apache server through httpd. This configuration currently only sets up a website using the localhost address space. 

One can optionally choose to edit the httpd.conf-local and svn.conf-local files to enable simple username/password authentication services for basic protection. It is left to the user to determine how they will manage this.

The run.sh script provided with this repo will build and startup an instance of the container, giving access to the SVN/CVS repos through ViewVC website. One can either generate a repo inside the container for testing or mount an external repo (follow instructions in run.sh). The script will also ensure that the previously generated container is stopped and removed before rebuilding and starting container up again.

The getlogs.sh script requires the running container name as command line input. It will check first to the if the container is running, and if it is, will generate a set of Docker and Apaches logs stored in dockerLogs/ and apacheLogs/ folders. These folders will be in turn found in the </containerName/>Logs folder generated by getlogs.sh (if it already doesn't exist). The logfiles will have the yyyy-mm-dd-HH_MM_SS format date appended to the filename for record keeping. Futhermore, a dockerLogAccess.log file is kept that documents each instance that getlogs.sh is executed and whether the accessing of logs was successful or not at the time of execution.
 
